PREREQUISITES

You'll need to have these libraries (with equivalent devel versions
for building) to play M.A.X. Reloaded:

 libsdl1.2
 libsdl-mixer1.2 (with Vorbis support)
 libsdl-net

SDL libraries can be found at http://www.libsdl.org

WINDOWS

Unzip maxr-x.y.z.rar to a folder of your choise - e.g. 
C:\Program Files\
	
We decided to provide the windows package with a working set of
required SDL-libraries for Win32. If you want to use your own version
from e.g. c:\windows\system32 simply delete the dlls from the game
directory.

LINUX

See BUILDING

BOTH

Due the copyright we are not allowed to provide any game content
from the original Mechanized Assault and Exploration (c) 1996 Interplay

If you do own an original Mechanized Assault & Exploration CD
(c) 1996 Interplay or if you downloaded the original game from
cdosabandonware you can however make use of the tool "resinstaller"
and extract the original gfx automagically from your existing max.res

Resinstaller also takes care of sounds, videos, maps and music.

The tool can be found on our website and easily installs and converts
the needed data for you. Please check the bbs at maxthegame.de/bbs
for more informations.

If you don't own an original maxcd you've another chance in downloading
Mechanized Assault and Exploration from cdosabandonware.com since you
won't find any gamecds from this any more on stores - too old.
http://www.cdosabandonware.com/std_games_details.php?gameid=1979
This version is however lacking some files like videos, music and some
sounds.

Warning: Resinstaller will overwrite existing graphics. If you want to
keep existing free graphics for some reasons *backup* the folders fx, 
gfx, vehicles and buildings. It's save to copy the files back after the
resinstaller has done it's magic *except* the file gfx/hud_stuff.pcx.

TROUBLESHOOTING

Compilation problems on ppc:

Not supported yet, sorry. May work. May not.

Compilation problems:

If you compile from source and get errors about mix_chunk try upgrading
your SDL and SDL_mixer installation. We experienced this problems on
SDL_mixer prior 1.2.8.

Screenresolution:

It is possible to set the resolution in max.xml however
you should keep in mind that all menus and displays are designed for
640x480. If you choose a resolution not offered in our settings
dialog you may experience odd graphical problems.

Sound:

If you experience problems with soundquality (especially on WinXP) you
may increase the chunksize in max.xml. Default is 1024 and 2205Hz. Next
proper value is 2048 or 4096. If you increasing frequency you have to 
increase the chunksize, too. However increasing frequency has only a
small benefit to the backgroundmusic.

Maps:

The orignal maps are 100% compatible. See BOTH.

Known Bugs:

Many. There is no AI! This is one of the first releases featuring 
network games using TCP/IP. Expect and report crashes (with backtrace
if possible) and odd behaivors. Some features that may have worked in
prior releases are disabled. For more known and/or fixed bugs please
visit our bugtracker: 

http://www.maxr.org/docs.php?id=22
