M.A.X.R. (Mechanized Assault and eXploration Reloaded) is a fanmade
strategy game by the community of maxr.org. M.A.X.R. is OpenSource and
a remake of the old M.A.X. by Interplay from 1996 featuring network
games based on TCP/IP (e.g. over the internet). The game can be
played in a turn-based mode (with or without time limit), or
simultaneous mode (all the players take their turns at the same time),
and features combat in air, land, and sea. Three resources are present
on the maps - raw materials, that are needed to manufacture units,
structures and ammunition, fuel, that power generators need to
function, and gold, that is used to purchase upgrades. This game
is a mix of realtime and turnbased strategy with battle chess
character. It is released under the GPLv2 and GFDL (see COPYING
and COPYING.README)

The project was founded 2007 by Albert (alzi) Ziegenhagel and
Bernd (beko) Kosmahl and is based on "MM's Max". The original
author Michael Mönch, who wrote the first version of "MM's Max",
had no time for his project any more and offered the source to anyone
who asked for it. M.A.X.R. represents the hope and wishes of many
M.A.X. fans all over the world to play M.A.X. bugless and in
multiplayer mode over the internet using TCP/IP.

Soon after the founding Eiko (eiko) Oltmanns joined the team and 
together M.A.X.R. learned TCP/IP in no time. The Win API was completly
removed and translation support was added. Beeing POSIX compatible and
available on english M.A.X.R. became international very fast and after
the joining of Paul (pagra) Grathwohl a Mac hacker had been found too.
The source was made little/big endian safe and can now be compiled on
any POSIX compatible system - even on AmigaOS. After two years of
development M.A.X.R. even made it into some major GNU/Linux
distributions like Fedora.

Due copyright issues the additional tool "resinstaller" has been
written. Since maxr.org is not allowed to distribute licensed material
like graphics and sounds of the original game M.A.X.R. was in need
for an original game CD for a long time. The resinstaller does it's
magic by extracting and copying the needed files to their proper places
in the M.A.X.R.'s folder structure and their required file formats.
Beside covering missing files the fans of the original game could
configure their M.A.X.R. installation to be as close to the original
as it is possible.

That was however only the first step. The team realized early that the
resinstaller was nice indeed but only players with the original CD
could be reached that way. A game that requires a no longer distributed
CD - means no way to obtain a legal copy nowadays - was pretty useless.
As a conclusion the creation of a free graphics set started in 2008 and
shipped today M.A.X.R. can be played as standalone too.

The goals of M.A.X.R. are still the same as in the beginning: Beeing a
remake of the original featuring network games. The team focused on this
fact and network playing works pretty stable today. Some features are
still missing - like single player missions, hot seat mode and AI.
